So this is what the God of Karma Chagme is. Now in the Nalanda Monastery Universalist says,
"We know the author." Now you pretty much understand about the quality of these teachings.
But however, Watan said, "When you write the book in the Nalanda Monastery Universalist,
of course, all is in the Buddha's teaching best. You have to have three colleges, at least three
colleges, to write the book.
The first college of the writing book of the commentary on the Buddha's teaching, you have to have
the realization of the natural,
realization of the true nature of the great emptiness, exactly as it is, not theoretical, not just
intellectual, but exactly as it is.
That, if you have that colleges, that is the best colleges, best, I don't know, I forget, what do
you call it?
Best, best resonance, best, best resonance to activate your profession in the teachings, best.
Second, call it, is just behold the Buddha, past to face, or the enlightened beings, past to face.
Buddha, Gharapayama Sambha, or Guru, Dakini, all the bodies are past to face. That's the second,
the College of the Resumes.
Third one, is understanding, entirely teaching of the Buddha, Buddha, and know knowledge of the
five sciences, according to the ancient term,
those five sciences, I'm not going to listen to all this now, the five sciences.
If you have those one with three colleges, then you are, you can write the books, write, make the
commentaries on the teaching of the books.
Otherwise, that book, maybe, that right bureau, what you're writing is maybe not really in line in
the teaching, maybe it will mislead the others.
So those are the teachings, those are the three colleges of the authors when you write the books.
In this case, the great Master Karma Chami has all that things, nothing is missing.
He has a realization, he does all the great Buddhas and Bodhisattvas to face, and he knew all the
teachings of the Buddha as we read books, all this.
Many of those books we wrote, he wrote the books of our Pippin in the most turn out says, but I
heard this before, even though hundreds is lost to that books.
But when he wrote those books, it's not that he went to the library in a co-op in that.
As students can, he just has a continuous thought. So that means his end-bomb wisdom and knowledge
is pervasive, shining everywhere and perfectly excited as it is.
And this is what this great Master is, and he has perfect quality of all these three. Therefore,
his teachings are nugget go.
His teachings are wish-fulfilling jewel. Those who are seeking for enlightenment make meaningful of
this life and to benefit to themselves, to benefit to the others.
His teachings are the wish-fulfilling jewels. So that is really a border, a border-arther, really.
And then of course, more letters, I think is in here too, that you can read.